This is a "reading quiz" (as are other assignments of the form xx_chxxrq).
You should read Chapter 1, watch the videos in it, and make sure you understand
the material in it (which may require re-reading all or part of it,
asking questions, etc), BEFORE attempting this quiz.  This quiz will check
your basic understanding of the material before you move on to other,
more in-depth exercises.

Note that you should NOT do these quizzes by flipping through the book
to find the answers.  You should read the chapter and engage with the material
until you think you understand it.  Then you should do these quizzes
to check your basic understanding without referring to the book.


For this quiz (and others), place your answers to the following questions
in a file called "answers.txt".  You should put one answer per line,
and can just list the letter.  You may put a number before it if you
want--the grader will look at the first letter of each line as your answers.
When you are done, add, commit, and push the file with git before
running "grade 001_ch01rq".   [Note: you can actually just run "grade"
with no arguments if you are in the directory for the assignment
you want to grade.]

1. What does chapter one identify as the key aspect of programming?

A. Accurate syntax.
B. Memorization of language features and library functions.
C. Metacognition.
D. Well-trained minions.


2. What is an algorithm?

A. A clear set of steps to solve any instance of a particular class
   of problems.
B. A mathematical function that helps you solve a specific problem.
C. An American politician who warns about climate change.
D. The output of a program.

3. What is the disciplined fashion for algorithm development proposed by AoP?

A. Start coding an example immediately.
B. Work an instance of the problem, write down your steps,
   generalize the steps, and test the steps.
C. Work an instance of the problem, generalize the steps, test a new example,
   compare the example outcome to your predictions
D. Work five instances of the problem, translate these into mathematical form.


4. If you are unable to complete Step 1 of the Seven Steps,
   which of the following could be a viable path forward?

A. Consult reference material for your programming language to find
   more useful library functions
B. Ask a mathematician to help you find the function which describes
   a sequence of numbers
C. Gain more domain knowledge for the particular problem's domain
D. Skip Step 1 and move on to writing code.

5. What are parameters?

A. The assumed conditions under which an algorithm is written.  If these
   are not met, the algorithm will not function properly.
B. Lines of code, such as "if" which let the program make decisions.
C. Symbolic placeholders in an algorithm for the values which
   specify what particular instance of the problem is being solved.
D. Invariant of an algorithm which describe mathematical relationships
   between variables that are always guaranteed to be true at particular
   places in the code.

6. What is the purpose of Step 4 of the Seven Steps?

A. Ensure sufficient test cases for Step 6.
B. Find anything which was not generalized correctly prior to writing code.
C. Pre-create hypotheses for Step 7.
D. Identify which programming language constructs and library functions to use.

7. What is the problem that AoP identifies with the PB&J example

A. Embarrassing students in class makes them less likely to continue with
   programming
B. The example would not type-check in a programming language.
C. The example solve one specific problem, rather than a general class
   of problems.
D. The example is usually presented in a way that exaggerates the
   computer’s discretion to misinterpret instructions.


8. Why will you work with many numerical/mathematical problems/examples?

A. Computers can only operate on numbers.
B. Math problems are easier to write.
C. Math-based problems are inherently more precise than word-based problems.
D. People usually use computers for numerical calculation.

9. What are corner cases?

A. Combinations of parameter values that require special handling.
B. Patterns that are difficult to find due to their non-linear nature.
C. Syntax errors that crash the program.
D. Triangular storage units.

10. If you were writing a sandwich making algorithm, how would you
    deal with someone trying to use it to make a battleship sandwich?

A. You should explicitly check for such errors
B. This input does not have the correct type, so the algorithm does not
   need to handle it
C. Ignore the oddity, and follow the algorithm you wrote for normal cases
D. Ensure your algorithm will use "common sense".
