As always, read and understand Chapter 7, then answer these questions
in "answers.txt".

1. What is memorization?

A. Introducing cat pictures into the algorithm
B. Converting between head an tail recursion
C. Keeping a table of previously computed values
D. Converting a loop into a recursive algorithm
E. A common typo for memorization.

2. Why do some people  think recursions is slow?

A. Recursion is inherently  slow, but computers are fast enough that
   it is not a serious hindrance.
B. Naive recursive algorithms duplicate significant amounts of work.
C. The mathematical complexity is generally higher than an equivalent
   iterative solution.
D. Storing and retrieving the answers for each step of the algorithm's execution is slow.

3. What is a base case?

A. The pre-specified white box test cases and their answers.
B. The case that you work by hand when you develop the algorithm.
C. The inputs for which the algorithm can give an answer without calling itself.
D. The most numerous types of inputs, which are the ones that are answered
   with reference to itself.

4. In a purely functional programming language, there is no such thing
   as changing an existing variable, so instead of iteration, a programmer
   in a functional language uses:

A. Head recursion
B. Tail recursion
C. Goto recursion
D. Inverse Stack recursion

5. What conditions are required of the data you are working on
   to be able to ensure that a recursive algorithm terminates?

A. It must be only natural numbers
B. It must be natural numbers or strings.
C. It must be totally ordered.
D. It must be well ordered.


6. If your data meets the conditions described in the previous question,
   how would you go about showing that your recursive algorithm always terminat\
es?

A. Show that you always subtract a positive number from the argument
   in every recursive call.
B. Show that you have a base case in your algorithm.
C. Show that every recursive call passes an argument which is "less than"
   the argument received by the current call under the ordering you have chosen.
D. Apply Godel's Incompleteness Theorem to the problem at hand.

7. Which of the following terms describes a pair of functions (e.g., f and g) where
   f calls g, and g also calls f?

A. Tail recursion
B. Mutual recursion
C. Pairwise induction
D. Strong induction

8. Which of the following is an advantage of tail recursion, compared to head recursion?

A. It requires passing fewer parameters.
B. The return type of the recursive function can be void.
C. The recursive calls do not require the creation of additional frames.
D. Tail recursive functions generally do not require "helper functions" while
   head recursive functions generally do require them.

9. If you write recursive functions that do not terminate, then you would
    best appreciate which of the following corny programming jokes?

A.  There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary,
    and those who do not.
B.  A string walks into a bar.  The bar tender says "What will you have?"
    The string says "I'll have a beer.2#$ASNDF234l;akjsdfasdfasdfasdf".
    The string's friend says "You'll have to pardon my friend, he's missing
    his null terminator."
C.  Why did the programmer get stuck in the shower?
    The shampoo bottle said "Lather, rinse, repeat."
D.  All you have to do to write a working recursive function is write a
    working recursive function.
