As always, read and understand Chapter 19, then answer these questions
in "answers.txt".

1. What is the WORST possible way to deal with an error?

A. Print an error message.
B. Retry the operation.
C. Crash the program.
D. Fail silently.

2. Which of the following best describes RAII?

A. All resources are stored in a std::vector so they
   can be iterated over and released later.
B. Proper use of try-catch to provide at least a strong
   exception guarantee in all cases.
C. All resources are allocated after any code which
   does not provide a no-throw guarantee.
D. When a resource is allocated, it is held in a local
   variable whose destructor will release that resource.


3. What does perror(s) do?

A. Prints s to stderr.
B. Prints s, along with a string describing the current value of errno,
   to stderr.
C. Prints "error" followed by s to stderr.
D. Prints a log of every error that has occured in the program
   since s was modified.

4. What is a "strong" exception guarantee?

A. The method will never throw an exception.
B. If an exception is thrown, no side effects have occured.
C. If an exception is thrown, the object remains in a valid state
   and no memory is leaked.
D. If an exception is thrown, no memory is leaked.

5. You should catch exceptions by

A. Value
B. Reference
C. A pointer to the exception
D. None of the above

6. What kinds of exceptions are ok to throw from a destructor?

A. No exception type is ever permissible
B. Only std::bad_alloc
C. Only std::invalid_argument
D. Only std::destructor_failure
E. std::bad_alloc or std::invalid_argument
F. std::bad_alloc or std::destructor_failure
G. std::invalid_argument or std::destructor_failure
H. Any of std::bad_alloc, std::invalid_argument,
   or std::destructor_failure.


7. Suppose the you have a function f, which calls another function g:

  int f(int x) {
    //some code
    int y = g(x+2);
    //some more code
 }

 Inside of g, an exception is thrown, and propogates to the call site
 shown above.  f has no try-catch blocks.  What best describes the
 actions that occur next?

A. The return value of g is treated as 0, assigned to y,
   and execution resumes in f after the assignment statement.
B. errno is set to indicate the exception type, 
   f returns -1, and execution resumes from f's call site.
C. f's frame is destroyed, invoking destructors for any
   objects in it, then the exception propogates to f's call
   site, where exception handling continues.
D. None of the above.



8. Suppose that in the above f were declared 
     int f (int x) throw (std::invalid_argument)
   but the exception that g threw was std::bad_alloc.  Now what happens?

A. unexpected() is called, which (by default) calls terminate(),
   as f's exception specification does not permits 
   std::bad_exception (if it did, it would throw that).
B. terminate() is called, which (by default) abort()s the program.
C. Any memory held by f is released, the exception is
   ignored, and execution continue at f's call site.
D. The original exception is handled first.  Then a  
   std::bad_exception is handled from the same point.
E. A std::bad_exception is handled from f's call site.  
   Then the original exception is handled from the same place.


9. What happens if an exception propogates out of a constructor
   during object creation?

A. unexpected() is called, which (by default) throws std::bad_exception
   if the constructors's exception specification permits, and otherwise
   calls terminate().
B. terminate() is called, which (by default) abort()s the program.
C. The object's memory is released, the constructors's exception is
   ignored, and the object creation evaluates to NULL.
D. None of the above.


10. What happens if an exception propogates out of the destructor
    for an object which is being destroyed as part of handling another exception?

A. unexpected() is called, which (by default) throws std::bad_exception
   if the destructor's exception specification permits, and otherwise
   calls terminate().
B. terminate() is called, which (by default) abort()s the program.
C. The object's memory is released, the destructor's exception is
   ignored, and propogation of the original exception continues.
D. The original exception is handled first.  Then the 
   destructor's exception is handled.
E. The destructor's exception is handled first.  Then the original
   exception is handled.

11. Which of the following is the appropriate way to throw
    an exception of type xyz?

A. throw xyz(args);
B. throw new xyz(args);
C. xyz temp(args);
   throw &temp;   
D. None of the above.

