As always, read and understand Chapter 17, then answer these questions
in "answers.txt".

1. Templates are an example of 
 
A. Static Variables
B. POD types
C. Parametric Polymorphism
D. An exception to The Rule of Three

2. The compiler may infer template parameters during instantiation

A. for templated classes and templated functions
B. for templated classes only
C. for templated functions only
D. never


3. What is the difference betweeen

   template<typename T> 
and
   template<class T>

A. The former allows any type to be passed as the parameter, the later only classes.
B. The former allows any type to be passed as the parameter, the later, only classes
   or structs.
C. The former allows any type to be passed as the parameter, the later only non-POD 
   types.
D. None of the above.

4. In a templated class, what is the scope of the template parameters?

A. The field declarations.
B. Anywhere the visibility specifier is private
C. The entire class
D. Until the end of the file in which it is declared.

5. Suppose you have 

template<typename T> class X {
   T v1;
   T::t v2;
   Y<T> v3;
   Y<T>::z v4;
};

This attempt to declare templated class X is incorrect as it is missing
"typename" before the type names which are dependent names.  Which variables'
declarations require "typename"?


A. Only v1
B. Only v2
C. Only v3
D. v1 and v2
E. v1 and v3
F. v1 and v4
G. v2 and v3
H. v2 and v4
I. v3 and v4
J. v1, v2, and v3
K. v1, v2, and v4
L. v2, v3, and v4
M. All four variables (v1, v2, v3, and v4)


6. When is the body of a templated function or class type checked?

A. When the compiler encounters the declaration of the template.
B. When the compiler has type checked all other code in the compilation unit.
C. When the template is specialized for the first time.
D. When a new template specialization is created.

7. The fact that std::vector<T> can overload operator== and operator<,
   even though not all possible "T"s themselves have == and/or < defined
   on them is a great example of which template rule in action?

A. Dependent type names require the "typename" keyword.
B. Templates are typechecked when they are specialized.
C. Template declarations must be visible at the point of specialization.
D. Multiple close brackets must be separated by whitespace.

8. Iterators are a great examples of

A. The Rule of Three
B. Dependent Name Resolution
C. Implicit Conversions
D. Abstraction

9. When a programmer says "arbitrary" (as in "insert into
   a data structure at an arbitrary position"), what does she mean?

A. It does not matter
B. Random
C. Any one that you might choose
D. Irrational

10. What is the difference in the * operator between an iterator and
   a const_iterator?

A. In an iterator, the * operator returns a pointer to the element, while the 
   const_iterator returns elements by value.
B. In an iterator, the * operator returns a reference, while the
   const_iterator returns a const reference.
C. In the iterator, the * operator returns a reference to the element,
   while the const_iteartor returns elements by value.
D. None of the above.

11. How do you know if some operation invalidates a particular iterator on 
    some data structure?

A. Operations which delete from a datastructure invalidate all of its iterators
   (and only deletion operations invalidate iterators).
B. Any operatios which modify the contents of a data structure invalidate
   all of its iterators.
C. When an operation modifies a data structure, any iterator which references
   the affected position(s) is invalidated.
D. None of the above